---
title: 10 Inexpensive Ways to Promote Your Party Rental Website
author: Lydia Pakpahan
category: Social Media & Marketing
description: Your website is a great way to introduce potential customers to your business. However, in order to use your website to improve your party rental business, you’ll need to generate traffic. Below, we’ll look at a few inexpensive (or free!) ways to promote your party rental business website.
---
<p>Your website is a great way to introduce potential customers to your business. However, in order to use your website to improve your party rental business, you’ll need to generate traffic. Below, we’ll look at a few inexpensive (or free!) ways to promote your party rental business website.</p><h2>1) Use Social Media</h2><p>Social media is an incredibly valuable tool when it comes to promoting your business. Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and other platforms make it possible to reach a huge audience with the simple click of a button. Create a page on each site to promote your business, offering a link to direct traffic to your website.</p><h2>2) Interact with Potential Customers on Social Media</h2><p>It’s not enough to simply create social media accounts. You need to use them! Engage potential customers, giving them a reason to click on your party rental business name and visit your site.</p><h2>3) Get Involved with Local Charities</h2><p>Not only will volunteering your time be a great way to give back to your town, but it can also be a way to promote your business. Getting involved in charitable organizations in your community is a great way to meet local business owners and individuals, many of whom could be potential customers.</p><p>Many organizations will also create posters to advertise for an event. If you offer time and resources to the event, the organization may return the favor by listing your business website on the poster that will be seen by many people around town. It’s a great way to make a difference in your community while promoting your business.</p><h2>4) Add Your URL to Printed Materials</h2><p>If you’re going to be printing newsletters, coupons, business cards, posters, brochures, or any other materials, be sure to list your website! Many people would rather visit you online than call in for information. Take the opportunity to add your URL whenever possible.</p><h2>5) Comment on Blogs</h2><p>Keep an eye out for local blogs. Getting involved in a blog community can be a great way to network with some people in your community. When you leave a comment, you can link back to your website and give readers the opportunity to learn more about your business.</p><h2>6) Participate on Blogs</h2><p>In addition to commenting on blogs, get in touch with the blog’s author. Ask about writing a guest post, offering the readers some helpful information in addition to providing a link to your website. While there are ways to discuss the event rental industry in relation to many different topics, keep your target audience in mind when searching for blogs to contribute to.</p><h2>7) Post on Pinterest</h2><p>Pinterest isn’t just for crafts and recipes. If used well, Pinterest can be an advertising tool. Create boards and pin pictures of your party rentals in action. Using excellent photos with creative ideas will lead others to pin your pictures. Each picture should link back to your website.</p><h2>8) Update Your Email Signature</h2><p>When you send an email, you’ll have the option to add a signature below your message. By simply going into your email settings, you can customize that signature to include a link to your business website.</p><h2>9) Send E-Newsletters</h2><p>Putting together a simple newsletter is a great way to remind past customers and those in your contact list of the services you can provide. Be sure that the newsletter is short and simple, letting readers know about services you offer and any special deals you’re advertising. Include a link to your website to give readers access to further information.</p><h2>10) Word of Mouth Recommendations</h2><p>There is no better advertising than the recommendations of your past clients. Be sure to offer quality service and give your customers a reason to remember you. Your customers will then become your greatest asset when it comes to promotion.</p>