---
title: Engaging Customers with Fresh Content
pagetitle: Connecting with Clients through Engaging Content
author: Mike Jones
category: Customer Relationship
description: Don’t let the content on your party rental website get out of date. Attract potential new customers by keeping your website content fresh and up to date.
date: 2016-12-03
---
<p>We’ve all visited a website that is out of date and full of irrelevant information. Don’t let your party rental website get caught in that category. Keep your current customers happy and attract potential new customers by keeping your website content fresh and up to date.</p><h2>Keep an Eye on Contact Information</h2><p>A huge complaint of many websites and online business listings is that phone numbers aren’t accurate. If a potential customer calls the phone number listed on your website and discovers that it isn’t correct, you’ll not only cause an inconvenience for that customer, but you’ll also risk the negative reviews that person may give to friends and family. There are several pieces of information to keep an eye on:</p><ul class="kreeList"><li>Phone number: be sure to update your information if the number changes.</li><li>Website URL: update your information if you upgrade your site to a new URL.</li><li>Email address: use the address that is dedicated to the business and that you check regularly.</li><li>Physical address: make updates if you change your business location.</li></ul><p>If you need to make changes, be sure to not only update your business website, but also your social media sites and online business listings elsewhere.</p><h2>Update Your Blog</h2><p>A blog is a great way to keep your customers up to date with news and information about your business. Keeping the content on your blog fresh will keep readers coming back again and again. The key is to make the information interesting and relevant, offering tips and ideas for your readers. You can become a leading source of information for those interested in party and event rentals. When your readers can count on finding new information each week, they will be more likely to continue visiting your website. Updating your blog each week may feel overwhelming. If you find that you don’t have the time to keep it maintained, there are a few things you can do.</p><ul class="kreeList"><li>Assign the task to someone on your staff who has an interest in writing.</li><li>Hire a freelance writer to contribute blog content.</li><li>Partner with other blogs and businesses to include guest posts.</li></ul><h2>Stay Active on Social Media</h2><p>Creating profiles for your business on social media sites is a great start to gaining exposure and building your customer base. Staying active on those sites is the way to attract customers and keep past customers coming back. A neglected social media profile will act as an advertisement for your company, but an active account can become a community hub for those who have sued your services and those who are interested in becoming customers. There are several ways to stay engaged on your social media accounts.</p><ul class="kreeList"><li>Connect with other local businesses by “liking” them on Facebook and “following” on Twitter.</li><li>Connect with other event planning related businesses as well.</li><li>Respond to positive comments, simply to say thank you.</li><li>Respond to any negative comments or concerns with helpful information and solutions.</li><li>Update statuses frequently by posting photos, linking to blog posts, or announcing deals.</li></ul><p>The internet allows businesses to advertise 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Make the most of your online presence by keeping your information up to date.</p>