---
title: How To Promote Your Rental Products Online
author: Lisa Chen
category: Social Media & Marketing
description: Whether they’re bounce houses or chairs, pictures of your products make all the difference. Photos of your products will often be the first impression that customers will have of your business.
---
<p>If you’re reading this article, you’re probably already well aware of the importance of taking your party rental business online. Now that you’re taking steps toward building your online presence, be sure that you’re making the most of it. Below, we’ll share a few ways to feature your products online.</p><h2>Take great pictures</h2><p>Whether they’re bounce houses or chairs, pictures of your products make all the difference. Photos of your products will often be the first impression that customers will have of your business. Many people will simply scroll through the photos on a website, waiting for something to catch their eye before moving along. Using photos with poor lighting, photos that don’t showcase what the product really looks like, or photos that are simply the wrong size (either too small or too large) will detract attention.</p><h2>Write creative descriptions</h2><p>After a picture catches a customer’s eye, they’ll most likely stop to read the description and gain more information. A product description should give the basic information without being dry. Make the content on your site interesting and entertaining to read.</p><h2>Feature specific products on your blog</h2><p>Create blog posts that are dedicated to showcasing one specific product. This is an opportunity to provide more information about the product including pricing information, how previous customers have used the product, and additional photos. It can also be a great way to bring more traffic to your website. If an individual searches for that particular product, there is a greater chance that they will be directed to your website.</p><h2>Keep it consistent</h2><p>It’s important to use many resources to promote your business online. Your website, blog, social media sites, and message boards can all be helpful in growing your business. Be sure to be consistent throughout those platforms to give customers an accurate view of your brand. Use the same product names, use consistent photo formatting, and always link back to the specific product page on your site.</p><h2>Think outside of the box</h2><p>What sets your business apart from other party rental companies? Find ways to promote your site and feature your products that will attract attention and make your business memorable. Create six second Instagram videos, develop interesting promotional materials, or set up a contest on Facebook. A bit of time and effort can make all the difference in making your business stand out.</p>