---
title: Using Online Marketing To Boost Your Party Rental Business
author: Walter Manalu
category: Social Media & Marketing
description: Yellow Pages is no longer most people’s first port of call when they are looking for a service – the internet is.
---
<p>Promoting a small business is all about being seen (and remembered) by the people you can help. In the party planning and rental market, you need people who are looking for services like yours to be able to find you when the time is right, and you also need people to be aware of you so that when they have an event to organize, they know who to look for.</p><h2>Is your marketing approach up-to-date?</h2><p>Traditionally, the Yellow Pages and print advertising were the way to promote a party rental business – advertising in local media meant that you could build a reputation in your area, and people could then look your Yellow Pages listing up when they needed you and get in touch.</p><p>While these methods still work up to a point, the Yellow Pages is no longer most people’s first port of call when they are looking for a service – the internet is. </p><p>Having your party rental business listed online is important, but is actually just the beginning of the story when it comes to how much an online presence can help you grow your business.</p><h2>Promoting your party rental business online is easy, cost effective and gets results.</h2><p>When you place an advertisement in a local print publication, you are targeting your marketing to your local area. If you place an advert in a magazine for brides, you are targeting people who are planning a wedding. This is good, but it is about as far as you can go with targeting print messages.</p><p>Online, you can run campaigns where you can narrow down the audience to only the people most likely to be interested in your message (because of things they are searching for, other sites they are looking at, their location, or things they have said they like on social media sites), and then you only have to pay for the adverts to be displayed to those people.</p><p>Additionally, you can use things like Facebook and Twitter to connect with people and promote your business to them for free, improving your online presence, reaching more potential customers, and keeping in touch with the people you have already supplied to with any new offers easily and at no cost to your business.</p><h2>Start promoting your party business online and see your business grow.</h2><p>Online marketing can either be used to replace or support your traditional advertising, and in either situation can reduce your costs and increase your customer base. </p><p>Getting started and managing your online marketing is easier than you might think, and you don’t need a lot of technical skills to be able to do it well. There really are no downsides, so why not start planning your own internet promotions today?</p>