---
title: Using Social Media to Promote your Party Rental Business
author: Mike Jones
category: Social Media & Marketing
description: Key benefits of promoting a business using Facebook and Twitter is the fact that it costs nothing!
---
<p>It is hard to ignore the massive impact the rise of social media has had on everything from the ways people meet and communicate right through to the way businesses talk to their customers and target markets.</p><p>Businesses of all shapes and sizes across every industry imaginable are now using social media to get people’s attention, retain customers and communicate about their offerings, and the party rental business is no different. Here we look at why and how you can use social media to grow your party rental business.</p><h2>The benefits of social media for promoting a party rental business</h2><p>One of the key benefits of promoting a business using sites like Facebook and Twitter is the fact that for the majority of the things you can do on them, it costs nothing (other than time). This means that it is an accessible way to run an effective marketing strategy for even the smallest one person operation, or a new business with a very low budget for promotional activities.</p><p>Additionally, because on the main social networks people willingly give out a lot of information about themselves, it can be very easy to target people who might be interested in your services. You could, for example, find people in your city who have a birthday or wedding coming up, and use that information to target some people with a special offer you might be running.</p><h2>How to get started in promoting your party rental business on Facebook and Twitter</h2><p>While there are plenty of social media networks you can explore, the best places to start are Facebook and Twitter. These have the highest numbers of users and are already well established as great places to promote a small business. For Twitter, you will simply need to set up an account, for Facebook it is best to set up a business page, which is free and very easy to do.</p><p>Of course, just having these accounts and posting things as and when you think to, while it is better than doing nothing, is not the best approach. Before you begin posting on Facebook or tweeting, make sure you understand the basics of how people use these sites, and have a plan in mind about the messages you want to give out and the people you want to see them. Your messages will be most effective if they are well managed, which means they should be consistent with things you are doing on your website, and aimed at exactly the right people, whether existing contacts or with the aim of attracting new ones.</p><p>If run properly, you can get a huge return on no investment by using social media to promote your party rental business.</p>