---
title: Our Complete Solution vs Separate CMS, E-Commerce and CRM
author: Walter Manalu
category: Party Rental Software
description: If you think about the things you need to run an effective, competitive modern party rental business, then you are looking at a website, a database of customers and an e-commerce platform, at the minimum.
---
<p>Running a small business can be difficult enough without the systems that are supposed to make your life easier complicating things. In the party rental business, this is especially true. You want to be spending your time helping your customers, not wrestling with separate systems that do not work together properly, or are full of strange quirks you have to work around.</p><p>This is why a full business solution that is designed to offer you everything you need to manage your business is vastly better than using different suppliers and products for all of the technology you use in your day to day operations. </p><h2>The problems with using separate solutions</h2><p>If you think about the things you need to run an effective, competitive modern party rental business, then you are looking at a website, a database of customers and an e-commerce platform, at the minimum.</p><p>You can hire a web design company to develop your site, or build it yourself using the solution provided by your web hosting company. You will need to use an admin module to update it, and you’ll need to manage how it integrates with your e-commerce solution, which you will buy from, and have installed and configured by, a third party. You can then manage your clients using a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system from another third party, which having been designed for a generic market will be bloated with fancy features you will never use, which will make the processes and interface more complicated than they need to be.</p><p>None of these elements will have been developed to work together, so you will probably have to duplicate a lot of actions, and will end up with business processes that are far from streamlined. </p><h2>A full business solution designed for your industry is the answer</h2><p>Instead of all of that mess, your business will run far more smoothly if you opt for a full business solution, which has full integration between the website’s front and back end (what the customer sees, and how you put it there), the e-commerce facilities, the customer records, and even other things like your promotional activities.</p><p>These benefits are even greater if you choose a full business solution that has been specifically designed for the party rental business, like ours. This means that the functionality is designed around what is most useful and important to you, meaning you aren’t dealing with loads of weird features you have no need for, with features you’d really like missing.</p><p>This really is the best way to use technology to support your business, leaving you free to do what you do best!</p>